
Fanfic title:  Love in the Dumpster

Overall summary: This is a fanfic about Lan Zhan and Wei Wuxian, but they are both raccoons. They meet when there is a cultivation event held in the Lan clan's dumpster. They initially dislike each other, and Lan Zhan disapproves of Wei Wuxian, but they eventually fall in love. However they must also solve the mystery of why strange things are happening in the land. They must collect the four pieces of Yin Cotton Candy, and combine them to see what happens.

Episode 1: The Lan cultivation Dumpster. Wei Wuxian, Wen Ning, Wen Qing, and all the other cultivators (who are all raccoons) go to the Lan dumpsters to cultivate their Kung Fu. They meet Lan Zhan and Lan Xichen. Everyone is impressed by how beautiful raccoons they are. Lan Zhan thinks Wei Wuxian is too unorthodox.

Episode 2: Emperor's smile. Wei Wuxian tricks Lan Zhan into eating fermented grapes, and he gets drunk. They are punished, and forced to bathe in cold water together to recover. Wei Wuxian continues flirting with Lan Zhan, who ignores them. They are swept into a secret cave where they find an ancient raccoon playing Bach on an accordion.

Episode 3: The Yin Cotton Candy. Wei Wuxian and Lan Zhan return to the Gusu dumpsters. A tragedy happens. Lan Qiren tells them that it all stems from the legendary Yin Cotton Candy, and Xue Yang, an evil raccoon who caused this tragedy with his dark magic.

Episode 4: Raccoon Lan Zhan sets out to collect the four pieces of the Yin Cotton Candy. Wei Wuxian secretly follows him. They get in a fight with an evil Opossum cultivator called Song Lan, and barely win. They take one of his pieces of the Yin Cotton Candy.

Episode 5: Lan Zhan and Wei Wuxian realize that the Opossum cultivator was not evil, but was just defending his children.  Wei Wuxian and Lan Zhan realize his children need help. They leave him to tend to his wounds, and abandon their original quest, deciding instead to carry his 12 little opossum children on their backs and take them to their grandmother's house. On the way, they think about how nice it would be to be married and have kids of their own.

Episode 6: Wei Wuxian and Lan Zhan reach the Opossum grandmother's house. To their shock, they realize that she is a cotton candy maker. She gives them each cotton candy, and instructs them to put it in water to complete the cultivation ritual. It disappears and they are shocked. Lan Xichen steps out of the shadows, and reveals that the real cotton candy was the friends they made along the way. Xue Yang steps out of the shadows, and holds Lan Xichen's hand, saying that they orchestrated this whole plot to make Lan Zhan and Wei Wuxian realize their love for each other.  Lan Zhan and Wei Wuxian realize their love for each other and kiss.


